[narrator] Previously on Riverdale:
[gunshot]
[Alice] He calls himself the Black Hood.
He wants us to publish this letter.
[Keller]
"My wrath is the price of your lies."
We sent it in
for tomorrow's front page.
I'll protect you. Nothing like this
will happen to you again. I swear.
-[grunts]
-Get off!
It's me. Are you insane?
Sometimes defending isn't enough.
You need to go on the offensive.
We're the Red Circle.
We're coming for you. We'll find you.
We will hunt you.
And we will end you.
[Jughead] Everyone's afraid to say it.
So, let me be the first.
There is a serial killer amongst us.
San Francisco had the Zodiac.
New Orleans had the Axeman.
Texarkana, Texas,
had the Phantom Killer.
The list goes on and on.
Add to their ranks
Riverdale's very own psychopath,
the Black Hood.
-These research for school?
-Research.
Not for school.
It's terrible
what's going on in this town.
Who would've thunk it?
A serial killer in Riverdale.
I'm not just talking about him.
I'm also talking about that awful video.
There it was.
Terror was seeping
into the bedrock of Riverdale.
A town hall meeting
had been set by Mayor McCoy.
People were afraid
to walk the streets alone,
especially as dusk approached.
Shops closed early,
locks were added to doors.
Suspicions between
the North and South side deepened...
fanned into flames by Alice Cooper.
[glass shatters]
[dogs barking]
As everyone wondered
what danger lurked in the dark...
when we would hear
from the Black Hood next...
and how far into darkness
would Archie go
on his quest to avenge his father...
and to stop the Black Hood?
[gunshot]
To be honest,
I had no idea what Archie was thinking.
He didn't say anything
about this video?
-Am I my boyfriend's keeper?
-[speaks in Spanish]
-This isn't something to joke about.
-It's a video.
Yes. Threatening violence.
Can you please tell Mom
she's overreacting?
On this, I stand with your mother.
Which means,
you are done dating Archie.
This isn't Amish country, Mom.
I can date who I wanna date.
And I'm not jumping to any conclusions
until I hear Archie's side of the story.
What are you smiling about?
Ah, the Black Hood, the Red Circle,
a town hall meeting.
So much chaos and confusion.
[Alice] How could you do this to me,
Elizabeth? To us?
[Betty] Polly asked for my help, Mom.
To run away. And you agreed?
We know where she is.
Frankly,
thank God she's out of Riverdale
-and away from that psycho.
-You think that guarantees her safety?
-Polly was scared.
-And you don't think that I am?
[voice breaking] I'm terrified.
[sobbing] Every time that you walk
out that door...
every time that I call you
and you don't pick up the phone...
my heart stops.
But how am I supposed
to protect you two girls
when you go and do this?
And then you try
to make me the monster!
[sobs]
[Archie over phone] There's only
one of you, but we are legion.
We're called the Red Circle.
So, what did you think,
that I wouldn't see it?
Dad, I was pissed off.
We were all pissed off.
We were trying to send a message.
Scare the Black Hood.
More likely you'll antagonize
this maniac and become a target.
Take it down.
Right now, while I can see.
I already did.
The original post.
But people keep sharing it.
[sighs] Good grief, Archie.
[Betty] My mom's spiraling.
Think you can come over during lunch?
Betty, I have to try
and at least maintain
-a semblance of being a student here.
-[Archie] You think you can attack us...
-Crap. I gotta go. I'll talk to you later.
-Riverdale is stronger than you.
[sighs]
Guess we're not watching
funny cat videos.
[Archie on computer] We will find you.
Check this out.
Some sick-in-the-head Northsider
posted a video,
-and we were just talking.
-About what?
Fogarty wants to earn
his Serpent stripes.
Bring us that Northsider's head,
you're in.
-I'm down with that.
-[laughing]
-No, guys. No--
-What, Jones?
I know this guy. He's a milquetoast.
He's a football player.
It's a lame target is all I'm saying.
You wanna prove something?
Why don't you go after the Black Hood?
Why would we do that?
He's targeting Northsiders,
who blame us
for everything wrong with this town.
We're sick of it.
Black Hood's doing our work for us.
He's a hero.
[students chattering]
Black Hood...
We're called the Red Circle...
We're coming for you...
We'll find you, we will hunt you...
We will end you...
Black hood.
My parents want us to break up.
They think
you're the teen American Psycho.
-When do you care what they think?
-I don't. Except when I agree with them.
-Can't you just support me on this?
-On what?
Is this part of some master plan?
'Cause if it is, please enlighten me.
You know, I don't see why
your dad's got such a problem with it.
He gave me the idea.
He basically told me I should--
Line up a bunch of semi-naked boys
straight out of Lord of the Flies,
put them in ski masks and deliver
some Unabomber-like manifesto?
-That what he said you should do?
-Fight fire with fire.
Fight terror with terror.
That's what he said.
[Weatherbee over PA] Archie Andrews,
please report to the principal's office.
[sighs]
[Weatherbee] "We will find you.
We will hunt you.
And we will end you"?
These are your sentiments.
And they are hardly comforting.
You have my word, only one person
should be scared by that video.
You're off the football team,
Mr. Andrews, effective immediately.
In fact, there is no football team.
Not until this
Red Circle insanity is over.
If, by week's end,
you haven't written a signed letter
apologizing to the entire
Riverdale High community
and disbanded the Red Circle,
your suspension will begin.
And will continue
until you've complied.
Care to rethink your position?
[inaudible]
It's a crazy time, sir.
We all have to do
what we think is right.
[sighs] Betty. Okay.
Telling my dad about me
cruising the woods, not cool.
He even told my mom about it.
Also, I've re-upped
my online membership
to RedStateMeat.com,
so there will be
no cruising for the foreseeable.
Betty?
What is it?
I was going through
the Blue and Gold's mail...
and I got a letter
from the Black Hood killer.
He says he's doing it for me.
[Kevin] "Betty, your words
at the Jubilee inspired me.
The town's sinners
must show their contrition.
If not, there will be more suffering
and bloodshed.
Enclosed is a cipher.
It details where I will punish
the next sinner. It is a test.
Only you may solve it, Betty."
[inhales deeply, then exhales]
My speech...
inspired him.
-That stupid speech I wrote.
-So, the Black Hood was at the Jubilee.
-The entire town was there.
-We have to give this to my dad.
The cipher, yeah,
sure, but not the letter.
This-- This is just...
-for me. We can't tell anyone.
-It's evidence.
If we give this to your dad,
he will tell my mom.
She will make sure
I'm nowhere near this.
-Good.
-No.
This...
is a test.
He said so himself.
What if... the start of the test
is to see what I do with the letter?
Do I share it?
Or not? Am I--? Am I strong?
Or am I weak? Am I worthy?
He is a psychopath, Betty,
and you are in high school, not the FBI.
Isn't it better for people focus
on the cipher than the letter?
How would that even happen?
Mom.
I'm so scared.
I didn't know what to do or who to call.
Oh, baby.
Tell me what's going on
so I can make it better.
I got this envelope
at the Blue and Gold.
-Another letter from the Black Hood?
-No, not a letter.
Was there anything else
in the envelope? A note?
-Not according to Betty.
-Well, why a code this time?
Not another letter?
And why'd he send it
to your daughter and not you?
Well, it's obvious, sheriff.
He needs a platform to grandstand on,
and he's terrified of me.
Well, there's a cryptologist
over in Centreville.
I'll get it over to him.
-But in the meantime--
-I've already published it.
The entire town should be trying
to crack this code, don't you think?
[Reggie] Damn it, Andrews. I told you
we shouldn't have made that video.
Now Weatherbee suspended the team?
What if he comes after us next?
That's why you wear hoods,
all the heat's on me.
But it's not.
It's falling on all of us.
So, please, bro...
sign the letter.
No.
We disband now, what message
does that show the Black Hood?
That we're weak. Helpless.
-No, we wanna force his hand.
-[boy] By doing what exactly?
By going to his home turf.
-The Southside.
-[Reggie] What?
-Are you insane?
-[Archie] I've gone over this.
Mrs. Cooper's convinced Black Hood
is a Southsider with an ax to grind.
It makes sense when you think about
who he attacked: my dad, a Northsider.
Moose and Midge,
both Northside kids.
Grundy was in Greendale.
Yeah. But before that,
she taught here, Doiley.
Everyone saw our video and is riled-up.
We can assume the Black Hood is, too.
If there's even a chance
that he's a Southsider,
us going into his territory,
making our presence known,
could draw him out.
The hunters become the hunted.
-That's one way to find him.
-Nope.
I'm done.
We're done.
Come on, guys.
[door opens]
[door closes]
And then there was one.
Which is what you wanted, right?
You and the Black Hood...
mano a mano...
to the death.
-What the hell are you talking about?
-I know you possess a certain item.
The Red Circle was just your way
to draw the Black Hood out.
Now you wanna go into his territory.
Maybe. Yeah.
You're gonna need a few things.
There's a place, on the edge of town.
They can help. Go after dark.
[knock on door]
Daddy?
When Archie came into this room...
Yeah?
...what did you talk about?
Don't remember, to be honest.
Why do you ask?
I was just thinking, you know,
one of the things I love about Archie
is how earnest he is.
Not in a bad way,
more in an innocent sort of way.
Trusting, kind.
Of course, that simplicity
also makes him impressionable.
Vulnerable to certain forms of attack.
-What are you going on about?
-Manipulation.
If someone were to, say...
pour poison into
one of his cute-as-a-button ears...
some dark notion
might take shape in his mind.
Say, the Red Circle.
-If you're suggesting--
-I'm not suggesting anything, Daddy.
I'm asking.
What did you
and my boyfriend talk about?
And I've already told you,
I don't remember.
Now... if you'll excuse me,
the Swiss banks are about to close,
and I have a call
with the Lodge Charitable Trust.
Trust. Right.
Got it.
Have a nice call, Daddy.
[door opens, then closes]
So, what are you reading?
[sighs]
Ah. Beware the Zodiac.
It's decent,
though I prefer Robert Graysmith's
definitive books on the subject.
[cell phone buzzing]
You need to get that?
I'll call her back later.
Jones, Jones, Jones.
You disappoint me.
If serial killers are your jam,
might I suggest Ted Bundy,
Albert Fish, Aileen Wuornos.
-They don't fit the profile.
-Right.
Unlike most serial killers,
our guy wears a mask.
-Well, a hood, when he kills.
-Someone consumed with self-loathing.
Conversely, he sends letters
and cryptos to the press.
Think he's narcissistic,
or a Batman villain?
[both chuckle]
I'm a true crime junkie.
True crime is my crack.
I figured,
and that's why I'm seeking you out.
The Register didn't bash Southside
to post the Black Hood cipher.
You wanna help me crack it?
Sure.
[sighs]
[chimes]
[knocking on door]
Hey. I was just on my way out.
What's up?
-Okay.
-There.
That's my way of apologizing to you
for raining on your Red Circle parade.
I wanna support you.
And your comely crew.
Even risking enraging my parents.
Especially my father,
which is just what he deserves,
-after playing mind games with you.
-I really gotta go.
Anyway, it's too late,
the Red Circle fell apart.
-What? It's over? Already?
-For the other guys, yeah.
This is my battle,
no one else needs to fight it.
No, no, no.
If it's yours, then it's mine, too.
And it can't just be you
against an armed madman.
No, Riverdale needs the Red Circle
to expand, not contract.
-Yeah, but the guys--
-Are spineless cowards, clearly.
Lucky for you, I'm not.
I gotta go.
Hi, I'm hoping to get a few things.
I have a list.
You got I.D.?
Yeah.
I'll be paying cash for those, too.
Just be a sec.
Ammo, holster, Kevlar vest.
You, uh...?
You going hunting?
Yeah. Yes.
That's exactly what I'm doing.
[knock on door]
Betty?
-What time is it?
-Seven-fifteen.
-I wanted to catch you before school.
-I'm sorry. I have morning breath.
You want coffee or something?
No, I'm actually
on my way to the library.
I asked Ms. Paroo
to set aside all the books
she has about
cryptograms and ciphers.
I thought it might
help us crack the code,
which I'm hoping is something
we can do together, Jug.
Um...
Actually...
[cereal rustling]
funny enough,
Toni, of all people and I, we--
We started working on that yesterday
at the Red and Black.
I can show you what we've got so far.
Toni.
Because, let me guess...
she loves serial killers.
She does have an affinity
for the darker side of things.
Mm.
In that case,
why don't we all work on it together?
-You, me, Toni, Kevin.
-Kevin?
Yeah, it'll be like a little...
code-breaking party.
So fun. You can host.
[Veronica] There you are.
I have a surprise for you.
It meant burning the midnight oil
and calling in a few favors, but...
Ta-da.
-You can't wear that.
-I'm not rocking this scoop-neck look?
You can't have a target on your chest.
You'll stick out like a sore thumb.
Oh, Archie, it's adorable
when you underestimate me.
Come, come.
[Archie] Oh, my God.
[Veronica] Let Weatherbee do his worst.
The Red Circle's no longer
a fringe band of radicals,
it's a movement
with style and panache.
[chattering]
These symbols look so familiar to me.
I've seen them before.
It's driving me crazy
-I can't figure out where.
-Maybe if you loosened your ponytail.
What? That was a joke, guys.
Betty's ponytail is iconic
and beyond reproach.
[Betty] Kev, it's fine.
At this point,
I'm willing to try anything.
Per Mrs. Paroo's books,
I've been looking for
common-letter associations,
like T-H, A-N, I-N-G.
I'm looking for doubles. Double L.
-Four-letter words like "kill."
-Morbid.
We don't know if it's in English.
Could be an anagram.
-Like, literally on the top of my brain.
-Let's go back to the basics.
What do we know about him?
Who is he?
He's a white male, in his 40s.
-Like almost every serial killer ever.
-No, I mean, like, why...?
Why is he killing people?
Or at least, why now?
We know the Hood's
obsessed with cleansing the town
of sinners and hypocrites, right?
And he seems to be attacking anyone
with ties to the Northside.
Here we go with the fake news again.
You Northsiders and your privilege.
All you do is demonize the Southside,
so of course you think
the Black Hood's from there.
It's not demonizing, Toni.
It's stating facts.
There's way more drugs
and gangs and--
The drugs which are sold
primarily to Northside crackheads?
What about Northside Neo-Nazis,
the Red Circle?
[scoffs] The Red Psychos, you mean.
I'm surprised you haven't said it yet.
-Said what?
-That you think
the Black Hood's a Serpent.
We know how much you hate us.
-That's not true.
-I don't hate the Serpents.
Yeah? Then why is it your boyfriend
lies about sitting with us at lunch?
I'm gonna go.
Yeah, I'm gonna get out of here, too.
Okay. I can walk you home.
Or you can walk me home.
Uh, bye, guys.
[door opens, then closes]
Listen, Betty, I sit with the Serpents
purely for reasons of survival.
It's okay. Let's just
keep working on the cipher.
-The clock's ticking.
-What clock?
-This could be his laundry list.
-Or kill list.
[Betty sighs]
[dog barks]
[boys laughing]
Hey.
-What are you doing?
-Back off. I'm not here for you.
Yeah?
Then who's this message for, huh?
Oh, hell. [chuckles]
Don't tell me it's for the Black Hood.
You believe this guy?
People say
we're the troublemakers.
Whoa.
Southside's Serpent country.
You can't come here and tag our turf.
So, why don't you get back
to the Northside...
-before somebody gets hurt?
-Get out of my way...
or someone will get hurt.
You just made a big mistake.
-Who made a mistake?
-[boy] Whoa.
-What the hell, man?
-Who made a mistake?
Come on, let's go.
Come on, man.
[panting]
[cell phone buzzing]
[gasps]
What?
-Oh, my neck.
-We fell asleep.
-How did we fall asleep?
-We were exhausted.
-It's not easy being us.
-My God.
My God, she's gonna kill me.
-I have to go.
-What?
My mom, I-- She's gonna kill me.
I have to go, okay? Um...
I'll call you later.
[knock on door]
Sorry to interrupt, Dr. Phylum.
Sheriff Keller and I need to see
Archie Andrews.
[students murmuring]
I'm sorry, Principal Weatherbee,
but the T-shirts were my idea.
This is not about T-shirts.
-Please sit down.
-[Archie] It's okay.
Nothing to worry about.
We got a tip,
a bodega owner on the Southside
said a Riverdale High student
was waving a gun in front of his shop.
Said it looked like he had red hair.
I was in my garage
working on some songs.
Nevertheless, given your behavior
over the last several days,
we need to look in your locker
for any weapons or contraband.
-Weapons? Don't you need a warrant?
-No, I do not.
-Maybe we should call my dad.
-I did. He's informed.
Open the locker or I will.
[sighs]
I don't know
what you think you'll find.
[Keller] Well, this is interesting.
What? There's no gun.
Where'd you get this hood?
[sighs] I can explain that.
-[dishes clatter]
-[thunder rumbling]
The hood's not mine, it's Reggie's.
He came by wearing it
trying to scare me.
Yeah, well, I don't know what to say.
I'm at a loss, Archie.
Keller and Weatherbee
think you're a threat,
so they bar you from school property.
And I can't tell them any different.
I was shot.
And the man who shot me
is still out there,
playing some cat-and-mouse game
with this town.
And he scares me.
But not as much as you do right now.
Because I have no idea
what is going on in your mind and...
I don't know
what you're gonna do next.
Wait, Dad. Can we talk?
When I get back
from the town hall we can talk.
If you're ready to be honest with me
and let me back in.
[door closes]
[Hermione] Nice T-shirt.
Will you wear it when Archie's arrested
for reckless endangerment, or worse?
Archie would never, Mom.
-He's being railroaded.
-You can say that...
with absolute certainty
after watching that video?
[exhales sharply]
Maybe you can.
Or maybe you're just being loyal.
But let me tell you
something about loyalty.
[thunder rumbling]
There's nothing more honorable than it.
Noble, even.
But blind loyalty?
That is a stupid and dangerous thing.
I pray that's not the case
with you and Archie.
[thunder crashing]
[Jughead] When you left,
you forgot some of your books.
Your notebooks.
And I wasn't snooping,
believe it or not, but...
it just fell out.
What did?
Your letter from the Black Hood.
Jug.
I'm assuming it came with the cipher?
-Betty, why haven't you told anybody?
-I did.
I told Kevin.
-Why didn't you tell me?
-Because you've been...
-running around with the Serpents.
-I've been gone for two days.
Yeah, it sucks we don't go
to the same school,
but that's not the reason
you're sitting on the fact
that the Black Hood sent you a letter.
So, why is it?
Because of what it says, Jughead!
Because of what he wrote.
That I...
inspired him.
I inspired all of this madness.
You think people are gonna blame you
for this?
Not people. Just...
-one person.
-Archie?
For what?
For writing a speech that this lunatic
has twisted around
in order to mess with you,
and mess with the town?
Yeah, Archie's definitely shook,
but he knows who the bad guys are.
And you're not one of the bad guys.
You're Betty Cooper.
You're like Nancy Drew
meets Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
-Oh, my God.
-What?
In his letter, the Black Hood said
only I could solve the cipher.
Like he created it specifically for me.
Maybe using one of my touchstones.
Jug...
if I'm right,
I think I know how to decode this.
Let's go.
-[cell phone ringing]
-[thunder crashing]
Archie? What the hell is going on?
Are you okay?
[Archie]
I need you to get something for me.
[thunder crashing]
At least you were smart enough
not to keep it in your locker. But a gun?
Why? For what?
To protect myself.
Against the Black Hood?
[rain pattering]
Archie.
That video, the gun.
If I'm following you,
I need to know where.
-I need to know the truth.
-I want him dead, Veronica!
I want the Black Hood dead.
And I wanna be the one who does it.
I wanna be...
the last thing that he sees.
-Spoken like a true vigilante.
-No, you wanted the truth.
I made that video and showed my face
so he'd make me his next target.
I went to the Southside
hoping he would come for me.
So, you find the Black Hood
and you shoot him, and then what?
You go to jail.
Or you miss him
and he kills you, Archie.
-Doesn't matter what happens to me.
-Yes. It matters to me,
and your dad, Betty, Jughead.
Meanwhile, like an idiot, I'm... trying to
support you by designing T-shirts.
I didn't ask you to.
No, you asked me
to go fetch your loaded gun.
In case you were wondering where it is,
I threw it in Sweetwater River.
-What?
-You can be mad at me now,
but you'll thank me later.
[banging on door]
[thunder crashing]
Wait. What if it's--?
Reggie?
Can we come in?
Parents of Riverdale,
I've heard your concerns.
I share them.
As your mayor, my top priorities
are ensuring the safety
of our town and our children.
The purpose of this town hall
is to answer your questions,
and, if I can, to ease your minds.
[Veronica] To what do we owe
this unexpected honor?
Archie could've told Weatherbee
the hood was mine...
but he didn't.
In the Book of Reg,
that makes you a top-tier loyal badass.
And we were talking today,
and decided, if you wanna
keep the Red Circle going...
we're here for you, dude.
[engine revving]
And not a moment too soon.
Archie, trouble.
[Sweet Pea]
How stupid are you Northsiders?
You really think
you can come to my house,
stick a gun in my face
in front of my boys,
and there wouldn't be any payback?
You have crap timing, bro.
Bulldogs eat Serpents for lunch.
We'll see about that.
-And the more, the merrier.
-Hey, chill.
Veronica, stay here.
-What? Archie, no.
-Veronica, after my dad...
I made a promise
to protect him and this house.
Stay here.
-If you want a fight, we'll fight.
-What about your gun?
-What about your knife?
-How about no weapons?
If you troglodytes insist on doing this,
there are gonna be rules.
Or should I call Sheriff Keller
to be referee?
When I was a kid, I used to check out
this book obsessively.
Betty...
Budget is tight.
We are putting together a helpline
you can call
to report suspicious activity.
Sounds an awful lot
like the Red Circle's hotline to me.
Did you have a question, Alice?
I'm wondering when you're gonna
actually address
the real problem in Riverdale:
The Southside.
[scattered applause]
[McCoy] All in due time, Alice.
We're here to talk about
the Black Hood.
Sheriff Keller has a plan
he's putting in place,
-beginning with a town-wide curfew.
-Curfew?
We need to show strength, not cower.
Let's start by closing down
that drug-ridden Southside High
and use that money
to bolster our police department.
Hire more deputies,
who can actually protect our children.
-[crowd applauding]
-Okay, just a minute. Just a second.
Oh, my God.
"I will strike next where it all began."
Your speech... Town hall. Come on.
That neighborhood is a blight
of empty storefronts and vacant lots.
A pit of violence waiting to erupt.
Just ask Fred Andrews.
Himself a victim of a vicious,
insane Southsider's bloodlust.
You say this town's being divided?
You're holding the cleaver.
The Southside is not the issue.
The issue is, there is a guy out there
with a gun and a hood.
He's bringing out the worst
in this town. Pitting it against itself.
[all yelling]
[thunder crashing]
[all grunting]
Of course, Fred Andrews
turns the other cheek, as usual.
I can't say much about your son,
Archie,
but at least he's out there
throwing elbows.
[grunting]
-We have to be united in this fight.
-[crowd applauding]
Okay? If we let fear take over,
start demonizing each other?
That's when we're dead.
[applauding]
I told you
Fred was gonna be a problem.
I don't know.
The town loves and trusts him.
Could work in our favor.
[thunder crashing]
Everybody needs to leave now.
[Jughead]
The Black Hood's coming here.
-He said this is his next target.
-You mean he's coming here?
-Cipher says he's coming to the town hall.
-[Alice] What?
[electricity powering down]
Everyone, stay calm and in your seats.
We'll sort this out.
[alarm ringing]
[all continue grunting]
Dilton!
[thunder crashing]
Let's go!
Guys, just go.
Help me. Help.
[engine revving]
When they ask you at the hospital...
I was minding my business when
Serpents jumped me for no reason.
[Alice] Well, Elizabeth? We're waiting.
[Betty] This is from the Black Hood.
It came with the cipher.
So, you've been keeping this from us?
[Alice] Oh, my God, Betty.
[thunder crashing]
-[groans]
-Sorry.
No.
I deserve it.
Tonight was really messed up, Ronnie.
Things got so out of control.
At least Dilton's gonna be okay.
Yeah, but only because of you.
You saved him, Ronnie.
And me.
[Veronica]
These are fraught times, Archie.
No one's thinking straight.
We have to... hold on to each other.
Right?
I'm sorry I lied
about getting rid of the gun.
I was freaking out.
God, Ronnie, if I'd had it tonight...
I don't wanna think about it.
I might've...
But you didn't.
And--
And I don't believe you would've...
even if you'd had it.
You're not a killer.
-[groans]
-[chuckles]
I'm sorry.
Mm.
-Wait.
-What?
We have one more thing
we need to do tonight.
[Jughead] And so the young lovers
went back to where it all began...
Sweetwater River...
to try and end the cycle of violence.
We'd come to think of that night,
the night of the rumble...
the night of the town hall,
as a turning point.
Riverdale would no longer be
"the town with pep."
From now on, it would be known as
"the town that dreaded sundown."
[cell phone ringing]
Hello?
[man] Hello, Betty.
This is the Black Hood speaking.